[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Hey, everyone.
Is my mic working?
Can you hear me?
Can you see me?
OK, cool.
I don't know.
Did you guys go to
the Area 51 yesterday?
Who went?
Did you see stuff?
No?
[LAUGHTER]
That's why?
I thought some of you got
abducted or something.
So we're going to talk
about telepathy downloads.
Why?
Because this is something
that we do naturally
but also because
we are interacting
with nonvisible
entities all the time.
We're going to talk about that.
But before we begin, I put
this barcode thing in case
you have more questions
and we run out of time.
I always forget to do that.
So this takes you to my
website and YouTube channel
and everything else so that
you can continue the work.
So I'm going to start by talking
about my background because it
is how I got here and the
subject of today's conversation.
We're going to talk
about telepathy downloads
and actually different
types of contact experiences
because what is contact?
It's actually coming
together-- coming in contact
with an invisible
or nonhuman entity.
And then information
starts to get transferred.
So that is a form of telepathy.
We're going to talk about that.
And my favorite
subject is the matrix.
I mean, it's like I like
to explain how things work.
It's not like, don't tell
me you're telepathic.
I want to know how--
how I'm telepathic,
how it's possible.
And so I ended up, figuring
out a lot of the framework
within which we exist
and we function.
And that is the matrix.
We're going to talk about that.
And then, of course, I would
love to do an actual exercise.
Would you like that?
Cool.
So for those of you who
have a notepad, then
we can do some
automatic writing.
Otherwise, we can do a different
type of telepathic experiment.
So we're going to do that.
And more importantly, how can
we use that in our daily life?
Because, obviously,
what's the point
of learning things and doing
things if we can't apply them
in our daily life?
So everything started for
me at the age of five.
So here's me at the age of five.
I was a lot cuter then.
But anyways, I was just there.
And all of a sudden, this
energy shows up in the room.
And so it felt like light.
It felt like the entire
room was flooded with light.
And I could sense that it
was beings because they
were communicating.
I saw some sort of an exchange.
And I realized that
I could see them.
I could hear them.
I could sense them.
And it was very
natural, actually.
It wasn't an effort at all.
And in fact, the
energy was so nice.
It was so loving and kind.
It was quite a contrast
with the humans in the room.
So that's why I was
paying attention.
And I realized that we were
literally merged together.
It was like I was them.
They were me.
And I could see a
lot of geometry.
It was just like there was codes
and geometry in this space.
And so, of course,
I'm five years old.
I don't really understand
what's going on.
I just know that it feels good.
It feels familiar.
So I just go with it.
And then I realized that they
were actually transferring
information into my being.
And what I mean
by information, it
was like, for example,
they would tell me,
this is who we are.
This is who you are.
And this is how
we are connecting.
And we're going to be together
the rest of your life,
the whole conversation.
But it would be in
the form of a code.
It would be like a
one little thing,
a particle of energy of some
kind that looked like geometry.
And it would come
into my consciousness.
And I would understand
this whole thing
they were talking about.
And so what I mean is that they
were telling me a whole chapter.
But I was only receiving
one tiny little code thing.
Isn't that cool?
And so again, I'm
five years old.
And so they said, this is how
you communicate telepathically.
And so notice how your brain
is picking up the information.
And so I was seeing these
little things literally
like a zip drive.
So it was like-- because it
contained a lot of information.
And then when it came into my
consciousness, it would unzip.
And I would
understand everything.
And so they said, pay attention.
What is your brain
doing right now
that it can understand
this information?
And of course, I'm
five years old.
So I'm like, what
is my brain doing?
And so they said,
in order for you
to keep that up the rest of
your life, you have to ask.
You have to ask.
So basically, they
were asking me.
They were teaching
me or reminding me
how to focus and intend
because they were saying things
don't just happen.
You make them happen.
You create.
And you intend for
things to happen.
So that was the big lesson.
So basically, I realized that I
was more than my physical body.
I was in this container
on this side of the veil.
But they were my--
they were like my
stream of consciousness
from where I had
surfaced or emerged.
And so we were like
the same energy.
It was super cool.
It was something like this.
And I could see that I had a
human DNA, sort of a human body.
But then I continued on and
on and on and on and on.
And so that experience
stayed in my consciousness,
obviously, since
the age of five.
That's a very long time.
That's about 20 years.
So what happened was, after
that, people asked me,
what did you tell your parents?
Did you tell your parents?
And I didn't tell my
parents because I thought,
everybody did that.
All the children did that.
And I didn't want to
embarrass myself and say,
I had this experience.
I didn't think it was special.
I didn't think I was special.
And so because of that,
I didn't say anything,
which was a good thing because
probably they would have said,
stop talking to nobody.
So what happened,
though, as I grew up,
I realized, wait a minute.
It's not as common as I thought.
I was, maybe there is something
interesting or strange going on.
So I started asking
the questions.
How did it happen?
How?
How is it possible
that stuff gets
moved, transferred from one
something into me and back
and forth?
Because they could also
hear me, obviously.
And so I realized
that there's got
to be a mechanism
but also a medium,
something that we exist in
that allows this interaction
to happen.
And I realized that
I could see it.
I could literally see the
space between you and me.
And it looks
something like this.
Isn't that interesting?
That is the matrix.
But what is it?
Actually, literally,
it's the patterning
of the fabric of space-time.
Obviously, we think
space is empty.
We know scientists told
us it is not empty.
But what is it?
What is it made of?
And how is it organized?
So these geometric
patterns that I was seeing
were also contained
within a larger geometric
patterning of space itself.
Just think about that.
And so, of course, I have
a whole class on this.
And I explain the
geometry and how it works
and how it came about.
But right now, for the sake of--
because we really want to become
telepathic within an hour
or so, I'm going to--
so I'm going to
skip and keep going.
But I want to show
you the visuals.
There's a lot of mathematics
and a lot of work
that went into this.
But for the sake
of today, I just
want to show you
the visuals for you
to sense that we are inside
this network of information,
this network of geometry.
And so the more I was able to
see it, I want to eventually--
I'm talking years and years of
work and research and everything
else--
I was able to figure out
the entire algorithm.
And I mapped it out.
In fact, I created a script,
meaning a code, software,
that allows us to see, depending
on where we are right now.
We're in Vegas, I think.
And so it's like you
look at this matrix.
And then you are
able to see where
you are within this
geometry, which
is very important because,
as I looked carefully,
I saw that it was actually three
grids, three networks, three
geometric patterns
within each other.
And because its geometry,
for those of you
who know harmonics
and geometry, geometry
has patterns but also
has intersecting points.
These intersecting points
are called vertexes.
I'm going to call them nodes
from a scientific perspective.
I worked with a lot
of scientists on this.
Actually, there's
quite some evidence,
but nobody talks about this.
Nobody teaches us
any of this stuff
because it sounds so crazy.
And it is, kind of.
But actually, there is
quite a bit of evidence
that everything in
existence is geometric,
and it's patterned in this way.
So anyway, again, I'm
going to fast-forward
so that I can get to
the important part.
So as I started to realize
these vertexes, I was like,
what does that mean?
What happens when you look at
or when you are interacting
with a specific vertex point?
And this is where the fun began.
So I would concentrate
on one vertex point,
this intersection of lines.
And I would have an experience.
One point or certain
points would give me
the illusion, the
impression of space-time,
meaning I could see
that I was functioning
within linear space-time.
But when I went through
this vertex, when
I focused my consciousness
and I went exactly
inside this vertex
point, the zero point,
I was outside time-space.
So I was like, oh,
that's interesting.
Where did I go?
I had no sense of time-space.
And then there would be
all of these vertex points
that are corresponding
to the same thing.
So eventually, I
realized that that
is the network that
we exist in that
literally divides space-time.
And it gives us this
impression that we
are functioning this way.
And then I went to another
point, and at that time,
it took me.
I literally felt transported.
I felt like I could just go to
the moon, like just transported.
Again, I'm going to
skip through that.
Basically, it was
different points
would do different things.
That was a transport
grid, basically.
But then I got to a point,
and I saw all these codes.
Yay.
Now you're trying to see
why I'm getting to all this.
Codes of communication
going like a computer.
It was so cool.
And so I realized that there is
a whole network of information.
And that's how information
is transferred in the ether,
basically, in space.
And it wasn't just human codes.
It was any codes.
It was universal codes.
So that was super cool.
And I realized that
it's not just random.
It's not just, hey, I'm just
going to think of something,
and it floats.
My thought floats in space.
And then hopefully,
my friend will get it.
It's not like that.
It's actually very organized.
In fact, yeah,
that's my favorite.
In fact, I realized that there
is actually a correlation
with the geometry of the brain.
So now it started
to be interesting.
So if you don't believe me,
I started to look into it,
talking to different scientists.
So check out this guy.
This is NIH.
So very established,
organized version.
So they were studying
the monkey brain.
And they find out--
look at what it says.
I don't know if you can read it.
But it says, "It seems like this
network of highways and byways
is laid out when we're
still an early fetus.
At a very early stage, our
brains form three primal
pathways that traverse our
brain horizontally, vertically,
and transversely," because I
forgot to tell you that the grid
is based on the tetrahedron,
which is triangles.
Make sense?
And so, "The NIH scientists
now think that those early
connections act as markers,
forcing the continued growth
of an orderly
grid-like structure."
Interesting.
So our brains function like
a grid, are made like a grid.
Here's another one.
This is the University
o London College--
University College in London.
Dr. Caswell Barry said, "It
is as if grid cells provide
a cognitive map of space."
Interesting.
"In fact, these cells are
very much like the longitude
and latitude lines we're all
familiar with on a normal map,
but instead of using
square grid lines,
it seems the brain
uses triangles."
Interesting.
Is this a coincidence?
I don't think so.
Yeah?
So anyway, of course,
Carl Sagan told us
we're made of star stuff.
We're not just
made of star stuff.
This is not just a concept.
This is real.
Our particles,
our cells are made
from the actual
stuff, the actual star
dust within the universe.
And look, I mean, we don't
just-- we're not just made
of the same substance.
We look like the universe.
Look at the brain.
And look at the universe.
See?
Does that look like
something very, very similar?
So all this to say
that our geometry is
perfectly coherent with
the geometry of space-time.
Are you starting to see the
connection that it's not random?
It's not just like,
hey, let's put
a bunch of intelligent
beings on this planet,
and let's hope for the best.
There is an orderly,
divine, intelligent--
there is an intelligent design.
And so even at a Planck scale--
I mean, I can go on and on,
but I like to bring science.
I like to bring evidence.
Like I said, I'm
like a nerd that way.
I don't want to just believe
stuff because somebody said so.
You know what I mean?
And so that's why
I do my homework.
And after years
and years and years
of working on myself
and everything else
and with the scientists,
you do find evidence.
Of course, nobody
teaches us this stuff.
But at a Planck scale,
the fabric of space-time
is a geometric
network of wormholes.
That's not me saying that.
This is the paper--
scientific report
that found that out.
The fabric of
space-time is geometric.
Also, they find out--
again, these are not--
this is not me saying.
It is the scientists.
They say the processing of
the brain, the way the brain
processes information, is the
same as the universe in terms
of mechanism and capacity.
Capacity.
Does that make sense.
So our brains can do as
much as the entire universe?
How come we feel like
total morons sometimes?
But I mean, seriously, we
feel like so inadequate
and small and finite.
And yet there is
scientific evidence
that our brains can process
so much information.
Also, there's quantum
coherence with the DNA.
This is my absolute favorite.
Check this out.
So there is this
scientist in Germany--
actually, Switzerland.
And his name is Konstantin Meyl.
He was doing research on cell
resonance, cell connection
and communication
between two cells.
How do two cells communicate?
And as he is doing
this research,
he finds out he was able to
demonstrate mathematically
that the double helix of the
DNA uses magnetic scalar waves
and acts like a cellular tower
by receiving and transmitting
information, carrying
photons to establish
a coresonance of photons,
not only within the body
but throughout the
universe, using a background
network of scalar energy,
referred to as zero point,
as the transferring medium.
So it's sending information
not just within the body.
The DNA is sending information
not just within the body
but across the universe,
using specific--
what we call magnetic
scalar waves, which I'm
going to get to in a second.
So this means that this
guy has demonstrated
that it's possible
for the human DNA
to send and receive information.
That's what this means.
So we're not all crazy when
we do get a telepathic message
from someone, when we get a
download from an alien floating
somewhere.
It means that there is the
possibility that your DNA is
actually doing that for real.
It's not made up.
But let's talk about--
I'm going to come back
to the scalar wave.
It's super cool, and
it's very important.
But let's talk about telepathy.
So if you look-- if you
open the dictionary,
telepathy, they define it as
a direct transfer of thought
from one person to
another without using
the normal channels
of communication,
meaning I'm transferring my
thought into your brains.
You're doing the same thing with
me without speaking or hearing.
That's the definition out there.
But telepathy, it's not
just a thought transfer,
because thought is just an idea.
The process of
thinking, something
suddenly pops in your head.
That's what a thought is.
But what about intuition?
What about if I'm just thinking
of someone and then the phone
rings and it's them?
I bet everybody's had
this experience, right?
OK.
What about empathy?
How about when I'm in the
presence of someone and I
sense that there's
something wrong?
What am I picking up?
What is this transfer
of energy from--
they didn't think, oh, you
know, I feel bad today.
And I hope Caroline picks it up.
Of course not.
So they are emitting some sort
of signal that is nonverbal.
And yet I got the message.
That's empathy.
And so also the downloads?
Of course, we've heard sometimes
you get an idea out of nowhere.
Where did it come from?
Make sense?
And you know it's not you
because the information is not
even your field of study.
How come sometimes-- you're--
I don't know-- just a normal
housewife or something.
And all of a sudden, you
download a science equation
or something?
You know that's not you,
because you never studied.
Make sense?
So where did this come from?
And how did it get
transferred into you?
So this wasn't a thought
transfer, you see?
So for me, telepathy
is all of that--
is the transfer of information.
It's all information
energy that's
being transferred
from one person
to another, not just a person.
How many of you-- like,
you walk in a store and--
let's say, a furniture store.
And you want to buy a couch.
And then here's a couch.
It's like two couches that
look exactly the same.
Exactly the same.
But you're drawn towards
one more than another.
Or you say, I'm going
to take this one.
Why not that one?
Does that make sense?
You sense information is still
stored in even material things,
believe it or not.
And it still is carrying those
signals that you pick up.
Same when you go
to the supermarket,
and you're picking
up fruit and stuff.
You take your time.
Of course, you want the ones
that don't look all crooked
and everything.
But still.
So there's information that is
being transferred to you all
the time.
And we're not paying
attention to how
this transfer is
happening, which is
what we're talking about today.
So same thing with
emotions, like I was saying.
For example, I meet my friend.
And I say, oh, you look great,
or your hair looks great.
And in my mind, I'm thinking,
oh my god, she looks so tired.
But I bet that she felt
that I wasn't sincere.
This happens all the time.
So it's like our human
brains, our human mind
is communicating through
the normal channels.
But then our energy is
also sending and receiving
signals we're not aware of.
So the idea, why
is this important?
Because we are not--
if we don't understand this
entire phenomenon, which
is all under
telepathy, then we're
not understanding who we are.
And we're not utilizing
our entire being
to retrieve the proper
information and discernment.
So anyway, let me confuse
you a little bit more.
As I mentioned, I can
see the subtle energy.
And what happened is that as I'm
working with different people,
I noticed that in addition
to their own consciousness,
I see energy of other people
in them, like thought forms.
And so sometimes,
like, let's say
they're struggling with
chronic headaches or something,
or chronic stomach
aches or something.
And when I pick up
that information,
I see that it's not them.
It's the mother
or somebody else.
In addition to
receiving information,
we also pick up other
people's frequency.
And we keep them into our cells.
For example, my mother got sick.
She had Alzheimer's
or something.
So we keep that
thought form within us
to eventually create a belief
system that when I grow old,
am I--
I am also going
to have the same.
You see what I mean?
So as I'm clearing
someone or we're
working with someone, for those
of you who did work with me,
I say--
I ask to release my
mother's frequency
of fear of this disease,
because it's not even yours.
Think about this.
So we walk around carrying other
people's stuff, other people's
energy.
This is the grandfather
that's deceased.
Sometimes I see these
energies also in your field.
And sometimes it's not just
somebody that's deceased.
Sometimes it's the actual
father that we carry around.
Why is this important?
Because your being, your field,
there should be no one, no one,
except you.
And yet we walk around
with all these energies
that got transferred
into our beings
without being aware
of what's going on.
And so sometimes
this is so important
because the discernment--
that's the biggest
thing, is discerning,
knowing exactly what's
going on in my being.
Why am I stuck in this pattern?
Why am I stuck
with this illness?
So you're treating the symptom.
You're treating the problem.
But if you actually
know and you learn
to discern that it's not
you, it's your mother,
and all you have to
do is take her out,
and boom, you're healed, isn't
that much better, faster?
Save a lot of money on
drugs and everything else.
And sometimes you have to
realize that sometimes we
don't do this because it's
something from a negative place.
So for example, what
I'm saying is sometimes
I see we carry our
children with us.
And because we love them--
and so you think-- you
say, but there's nothing--
I don't have a problem
with my mother.
I get along with her great.
Yes!
And I love my daughter.
Of course!
Of course.
But they shouldn't
be in your field.
They should not
be in your cells,
because you are information.
You are sending and
receiving information.
And there's two of you now.
Make sense?
You see what I mean?
So the idea-- and here's
the little cute alien there,
because sometimes there's
a cute little alien that
hangs out in your field and
start just telling you stories.
So it's cute when it's
a Pleiadian telling you
all this very important stuff
about the future of humanity
and the planet.
But when it's confusing
and it's distracting, why?
Sometimes I see people
tell me, oh, I really
want to communicate
with the aliens.
I'm like, just like any alien?
And then they're like--
because, listen,
I mean, come on.
For example, would you hang
out with every neighbor
in your building?
Why?
Creation is purposeful.
You see?
You're here for a
specific higher purpose.
And so the clearer you are,
the faster you get on that path
and you get on with it.
You see?
The reason why we're
stuck is because we
have this energy and that
energy and confused about this.
And what do I do about that?
And blah, blah, blah.
You see, all of this
is because it's energy.
It's information that's
clogging your system.
If you are clear, then
you get the message
from your higher self.
We're going to talk about that.
I am clear.
I know exactly.
It's just me.
I get the message.
Boom, I know what to do.
Make sense?
I get distracted.
I pick up some things at Costco.
All this energy jumping on you.
It's OK.
You go home.
You do an energetic
flush, energetic cleanse.
And you move on.
You keep your instrument
clear and pure.
So some people say, why do
I have to do this every day?
If I am connected to
source, that's it.
Why do I have to constantly
do this all the time?
Do you brush your
teeth every day?
Do you shower every day?
It's because we are interacting
in this physical medium.
We are constantly,
constantly emitting energy,
receiving energy constantly.
And so that's the
reason why, of course,
nobody teaches us any of this.
What you don't
see doesn't exist.
Blah, blah.
But imagine if we are
taught as children.
Just we don't have to know
all the technical stuff.
Just intend for your
intention, for your body
to be pure and clean.
Five minutes.
Imagine what kind
of society we have--
we could have.
[MUSIC PLAYING]